com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/AlbumPreviewActivity.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.AlbumPreviewActivity
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/RoundedRectangleImageView.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.RoundedRectangleImageView
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/utils/PhotoMetadataUtils.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.utils.PhotoMetadataUtils
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/adapter/AlbumsAdapter.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.AlbumsAdapter
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/utils/MediaStoreCompat.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.utils.MediaStoreCompat
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/adapter/PreviewPagerAdapter.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.PreviewPagerAdapter
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.PreviewPagerAdapter$OnPrimaryItemSetListener
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/adapter/RecyclerViewCursorAdapter.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.RecyclerViewCursorAdapter
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/utils/ExifInterfaceCompat.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.utils.ExifInterfaceCompat
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/AlbumsSpinner.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.AlbumsSpinner
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.AlbumsSpinner$1
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.AlbumsSpinner$2
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/IncapableDialog.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.IncapableDialog
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.IncapableDialog$1
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/MediaGridInset.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.MediaGridInset
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/entity/Item.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.Item
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.Item$1
com/zhihu/matisse/listener/OnCheckedListener.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.listener.OnCheckedListener
com/zhihu/matisse/SelectionCreator.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.SelectionCreator
 com.zhihu.matisse.SelectionCreator$ScreenOrientation
com/zhihu/matisse/MimeType.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.MimeType
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/SquareFrameLayout.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.SquareFrameLayout
com/zhihu/matisse/BuildConfig.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.BuildConfig
com/zhihu/matisse/filter/Filter.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.filter.Filter
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/PreviewItemFragment.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.PreviewItemFragment
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.PreviewItemFragment$1
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.PreviewItemFragment$2
com/zhihu/matisse/engine/ImageEngine.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.engine.ImageEngine
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/entity/Album.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.Album
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.Album$1
com/zhihu/matisse/listener/OnSelectedListener.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.listener.OnSelectedListener
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/entity/SelectionSpec.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.SelectionSpec
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.SelectionSpec$1
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.SelectionSpec$InstanceHolder
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/BasePreviewActivity.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.BasePreviewActivity
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.BasePreviewActivity$1
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.BasePreviewActivity$2
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/MediaSelectionFragment.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.MediaSelectionFragment
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.MediaSelectionFragment$SelectionProvider
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/utils/PathUtils.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.utils.PathUtils
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/utils/UIUtils.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.utils.UIUtils
com/zhihu/matisse/engine/impl/PicassoEngine.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.engine.impl.PicassoEngine
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/utils/Platform.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.utils.Platform
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/entity/CaptureStrategy.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.CaptureStrategy
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/CheckView.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.CheckView
com/zhihu/matisse/Matisse.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.Matisse
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/model/AlbumMediaCollection.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.model.AlbumMediaCollection
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.model.AlbumMediaCollection$AlbumMediaCallbacks
com/zhihu/matisse/engine/impl/GlideEngine.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.engine.impl.GlideEngine
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/CheckRadioView.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.CheckRadioView
com/zhihu/matisse/listener/OnFragmentInteractionListener.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.listener.OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/loader/AlbumLoader.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.loader.AlbumLoader
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/MediaGrid.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.MediaGrid
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.MediaGrid$OnMediaGridClickListener
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.MediaGrid$PreBindInfo
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/entity/IncapableCause.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.IncapableCause
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.entity.IncapableCause$Form
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/utils/SingleMediaScanner.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.utils.SingleMediaScanner
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.utils.SingleMediaScanner$ScanListener
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/SelectedPreviewActivity.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.SelectedPreviewActivity
com/zhihu/matisse/ui/MatisseActivity.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.ui.MatisseActivity
 com.zhihu.matisse.ui.MatisseActivity$1
 com.zhihu.matisse.ui.MatisseActivity$2
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/adapter/AlbumMediaAdapter.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.AlbumMediaAdapter
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.AlbumMediaAdapter$1
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.AlbumMediaAdapter$CaptureViewHolder
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.AlbumMediaAdapter$CheckStateListener
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.AlbumMediaAdapter$MediaViewHolder
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.AlbumMediaAdapter$OnMediaClickListener
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.adapter.AlbumMediaAdapter$OnPhotoCapture
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/loader/AlbumMediaLoader.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.loader.AlbumMediaLoader
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/model/SelectedItemCollection.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.model.SelectedItemCollection
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/model/AlbumCollection.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.model.AlbumCollection
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.model.AlbumCollection$AlbumCallbacks
com/zhihu/matisse/internal/ui/widget/PreviewViewPager.java
 com.zhihu.matisse.internal.ui.widget.PreviewViewPager
